

## Logbook
- [x] [Make your to-dos repeat](things:///show?id=5MD8iF4BVNMJXoNuQcjvTv)
	- There are some things you do every few days, weeks, or months. Create a repeating to-do and Things will automatically remind you on the right day. It’s a great time-saver, and makes you consistent!
	- To make a to-do repeat, tap ••• in the toolbar below and choose Repeat.
- [x] [Try using Siri](things:///show?id=CNQwZqMvNg5bV1CMsZRAQt)
	- You can use Siri to quickly add new to-dos or show a list. Go to Things’ Settings → Siri & Shortcuts to learn more.
- [x] [Sync your devices](things:///show?id=2AEQHHC8GVso7PUQiBP4je)
	- Things Cloud keeps your to-dos in sync across your iPad, iPhone, and Mac. Go to Things’ Settings → Things Cloud to create a free account.
	- Even if you only use one device, you should still create a Things Cloud account – this ensures your data is always safely backed up.
- [x] [Set timely reminders](things:///show?id=ffq4acQ4KDRhSN73J6Uma)
	- It’s a great habit to check your Today list every morning to see what’s on your plate. But for those to-dos you absolutely cannot miss, setting reminders will give you peace of mind.
	- Tap the calendar button below, then tap Add Reminder, and set a time.
- [x] [Put this to-do in Today](things:///show?id=Uizu43x7GXvVakU7rMJ6oM)
	- Tap the calendar button below to decide when you’ll do this to-do. Choose Today.
- [x] [Reorder your to-dos](things:///show?id=RM9wjAMA5WQXQMZVzj4t3N)
	- To reorder your list, tap and hold a to-do, then drag it to where it should go.
- [x] [Create a project](things:///show?id=M7jwfAQZn5i7W6BS8rt4cc)
	- On to bigger things! In the bottom left corner of the screen, tap “+ New List” to add a project of your own.
- [x] [Plan your evening](things:///show?id=T38d8pAdaSStUNV6FBWuj9)
	- As you use Things to manage both your work and personal life, you’ll find it convenient to set some of your to-dos aside for later in the day. Tap the calendar button below and choose “This Evening”.
- [x] [Plan this to-do for later](things:///show?id=Q6qHXQLhcSkJXCBu7haiAY)
	- Tap the calendar button again, but this time, choose a date in the future. It will automatically appear in your Today list when the date comes.
	- Upcoming to-dos are grouped together at the bottom of each section.
- [x] [Organize with areas](things:///show?id=2FEYTwgoLt3aQuCcJG8pk3)
	- Create an area for each sphere of your life, such as Work, Family, Finance, and so on. You can drop your projects into them to stay organized.
	- In the bottom left corner of the screen, tap “+ New List” to create one.
	- Unlike projects, areas are never completed.
- [x] [Enable the Share Extension](things:///show?id=CXZ4pW8Pf3wLanvhshpvq9)
	- Things’ Share Extension lets you quickly create to-dos from other apps.
	- To enable it:
- [x] [Any questions? We’re here to help!](things:///show?id=Eb8bkaZdkTNGcUYbXhemQm)
	- If you have any questions, we have a great collection of support articles on our website. You can also send us a message and we’ll be glad to help!
	- culturedcode.com/support/
- [x] [Drag the plus button!](things:///show?id=56CACpKAhbzLHgojhX3eB5)
	- That blue button you see at the bottom of each screen is more powerful than it looks – it was made to move!
- [x] [Search and navigate](things:///show?id=V3CeWQrBACyGGKEgLUpSZD)
	- Finding things is super easy with Quick Find.
	- Collapse this to-do, scroll to the top of the project, and pull down to reveal search.
	- Then just start typing – the name of a list, project, to-do, or tag – and be taken there instantly.
- [x] [Add some widgets](things:///show?id=AsuRKdjENVcjfJ9BUsnuye)
	- Widgets let you quickly access to your lists from the Home screen.
	- You can add as many as you like. Here’s how:
- [x] [Quickly add to Inbox](things:///show?id=9KmPqt7aRV4tyrMXto2XXC)
	- No matter which list you’re in, you can quickly add to-dos to your Inbox. Start dragging the plus button, then drop it on the Inbox shortcut that appears on the left side.
- [x] [Tag your to-dos](things:///show?id=7hur7mrDiz6jqYARidDCsd)
	- Tags allow you to customize your workflow in Things.
	- For example, you can…
	- • Use tags for places like “Office” or “Home”.
	- • Tag all your “Errands”.
	- • Prioritize to-dos with an “Important” tag.
	- • Tag the things you’re working on with “Kate”.
	- • Or you can invent your own tags.
	- To add a tag, tap the tag button below. To see all to-dos with a given tag, use Quick Find to search for it.
- [x] [Swipe for quick actions](things:///show?id=4fuSfxuhx28r3tsywaqRhC)
	- Want to quickly postpone a to-do?
	- → Swipe it right
	- Want to edit multiple to-dos at once?
	- ← Swipe them left
	- Collapse this to-do and give it a try.
- [x] [Stay in the loop](things:///show?id=UjATJUtoSRNZRSHKk3YrYS)
	- Be the first to know about the latest features and developments. Follow us on social networks or sign up for our newsletter: culturedcode.com/follow/
- [x] [Convert to project](things:///show?id=8Kmn2ExcjTdPManUBFrV2y)
	- Sometimes you might create a to-do, but realize later that it’s actually a more complex project. No problem! In the toolbar below, tap ••• and choose Convert.
	- These checklist items will become to-dos inside your new project:
- [x] [Tap this to-do](things:///show?id=FBuFQMgJBC9buH4AMDoR4T)
	- You’re looking at a to-do! Complete it by tapping the checkbox on the left. Completed to-dos are collected at the bottom of your project.
- [x] [Go step by step](things:///show?id=RPZteEXg1Ku2WA4fkyVKj3)
	- Break a to-do down into smaller steps by adding a checklist. You could use it to track a daily routine, pack a suitcase, make a grocery list, and so on.
	- And who knew it was so easy to make peanut butter cookies? 😃
- [x] [Show your calendar events](things:///show?id=LpiWPowRp6getrtpgpPsS3)
	- You can connect your calendars to Things and see all of your events and to-dos together. Go to Things’ Settings → Calendar Events to turn it on.
- [x] [You’re done!](things:///show?id=5zXELpNFYGX66QXPh2Aur7)
	- That’s all you really need to know. Feel free to start adding your own projects and to-dos.
	- You can come back to this project later to learn the advanced features below. When you’re done with the project, tap the progress ring at the top to mark it complete.
	- We hope you’ll enjoy using Things!
- [x] [Create a new to-do](things:///show?id=3ccdLNVopjg26K6kjHvxg1)
	- Your turn – collapse this to-do, then tap the blue “+” button.
- [x] [Rate the app](things:///show?id=mR3XfRamimbpTW8CGW8MG)
	- If you like Things, please rate it in the App Store – this makes a huge difference!
	- culturedcode.com/things/ipad/rate/
- [x] [Learn some keyboard shortcuts](things:///show?id=MwiXuJWJTrpSZMeWtWQhDJ)
	- If you’ve got a keyboard attached, try these handy shortcuts:
	- ⌘S: choose when to start a to-do
	- ⌘T: mark a to-do as Today
	- ⌘⇧M: move a to-do to another list
	- ⌘↑: move a to-do up
	- ⌘↓: move a to-do down
	- To discover more shortcuts, just hold down the ⌘ key.
- [x] [Get Things for Mac and iPhone](things:///show?id=C6JpEuWSVQWwHy5R6RifsJ)
	- Complete your set up with the powerful desktop app, Things for Mac: culturedcode.com/things/mac/
	- Review and organize your to-dos with Things for iPhone: culturedcode.com/things/iphone/
- [x] [Learn the basics](things:///show?id=PGrZ8sPAAs3B9GsnDq11JP)
- [x] [Tune your setup](things:///show?id=JFrwzqE1zWU94cLkpH4F4n)
- [x] [Boost your productivity](things:///show?id=K4gBoNDsCh3Nz7e6NDKsDo)
- [x] [Before you go…](things:///show?id=oDxdQhmWdnNppWZSPtFWy)
- [x] [Meet Things for iPad](things:///show?id=9vQus9THj6rwCzwR8RW7Wt)
	- This project shows you everything you need to know to hit the ground running. Don’t hesitate to play around in it – you can always create a new one from settings.